YouTub for data engineering 

But these 10 will teach you more skills than a 4 year degree.

1. SQL
https://lnkd.in/dWCVfXsA

2. Python
https://lnkd.in/dt_-2-Uj

3. Pyspark
https://lnkd.in/gftSJYJQ

4. Airflow 
https://lnkd.in/guebuHJ7

5. Kafka - 
https://lnkd.in/gVZUT52s3

6. Data Modeling
https://lnkd.in/gg6V98Ru

7. Azure Cloud
https://lnkd.in/ei8RFGZQ

8. GCP Cloud
https://lnkd.in/gMzr9yqg

9. AWS Cloud
https://lnkd.in/gJeUGfjS
 
10. Data Engineering Projects
https://lnkd.in/gZf6J6fm

20 Data Engineering videos to clear your Interview.

1. RDDs Vs DataFrames Vs Datasets
https://lnkd.in/gzrRtDFM

2. Apache Spark Optimization techniques
https://lnkd.in/gmdyB_2z

3. Row based vs Column based file formatsÂ 
https://lnkd.in/g94V-qzn

4. SQL vs NoSQL
https://lnkd.in/gPP-wjgW

5. Database vs Data Warehouse vs Data Lake
https://lnkd.in/gE-yUVYW

6. Namenode vs Datanode in Hadoop
https://lnkd.in/gigEi8wz

7. Fault Tolerance in Hadoop
https://lnkd.in/ggYq2TVp

8. Internal vs External table in Hive
https://lnkd.in/g5TKz4ii

9. Hive architecture
https://lnkd.in/g8CrPaV3

10. MapReduce architecture
https://lnkd.in/g44av9JD

11. Sqoop Import vs Export
https://lnkd.in/gDAw5zJz

12. Spark architecture
https://lnkd.in/gJbumAq7

13. Spark context vs Spark session
https://lnkd.in/gJJqwmBP

14. Normalization vs denormalization
https://lnkd.in/g4VE3X-h

15. Narrow Vs Wide Transformations
https://lnkd.in/gKRtyhTw

16. Partitioning Vs Bucketing
https://lnkd.in/gHeSfXDz

17. SCD types and use cases
https://lnkd.in/gB-M5dEM

18. Repartition and Coalesce
https://lnkd.in/gng5NiMJ

19. Group by key vs reduce by key
https://lnkd.in/g_pFzKzg

20. Free Data Engineering Content
https://lnkd.in/gV_5EFtE